The reason why i want to be a UX/UI Designer is that, If it is important for someone to create and show his or her personal creativity, design occupation is exactly what you are looking for. Most tech professions are technical, which means you often need to do routine work, such as writing code. Although a UX/UI designer has technical knowledge in building a product, he/she still has a large share of creativity.
This is manifested in the choice of color scheme, the way of creating the necessary functionality, building a brand system for the business and much more. Even the stages of product research and testing are different from technical specialties. For example, when I test a site or application, I often analyze the emotional and psychological attitudes of each of my participants at the testing stage.
An individual approach to decision making is precisely the factor that can become decisive when choosing a design direction.
The user is at the core of how and why the functionality is created. Learning and practicing UX and user interface design will give you the opportunity to immerse yourself in habits and patterns of human behavior. If you’re wondering why people do what they do, UX and UI design is a great career choice.
In my daily work, I create a design based on the needs of the user. In turn, this includes monitoring the behavior of the target audience in my work process. The psychological aspect is a very interesting component of the designer's everyday workflow, as sometimes you do not expect the results that you might get.
For example, in one of my projects, when choosing the order of booking parameters for a medical assistant, users put the location selection of the hospital as the first priority and then prefer to select their symptoms as a second step. This aspect of my research turned out to be so critical and important that I overworked the booking scenario visiting the doctor.
Often UX/UI designers travel to different countries. And this is not due to changes in the company. On the contrary, companies understand that as a creative person you need inspiration for your ideas.
And for this, there is a possibility of working from any corner of the world in which there is an office of this company by providing relocation opportunities. Moreover, some companies provide the ability to work remotely.
Remote work can be either with a partial opportunity, working from home 1–2 days a week, or with full, where you can work completely from home. This will be especially important for people who are not only seeking to change their work environme
Often UX/UI designers travel to different countries. And this is not due to changes in the company. On the contrary, companies understand that as a creative person you need inspiration for your ideas.
And for this, there is a possibility of working from any corner of the world in which there is an office of this company by providing relocation opportunities. Moreover, some companies provide the ability to work remotely.
Remote work can be either with a partial opportunity, working from home 1–2 days a week, or with full, where you can work completely from home. This will be especially important for people who are not only seeking to change their work environment but also for people who want to spend more time with their family.
Despite the way UX/UI designers work remotely or in the office, they have a high level of income. The average salary in the US is $ 85,000 per year. And this is without taking into consideration work experience and location. Of course, if you prefer to work in California, then the salary there will be even higher.
It all depends on the place and company. But in general, the salary level for a UX / UI designer is very high. Some companies offer experienced professionals up to $ 500,000 per year without benefits.
Often I see freelance designers working remotely and constantly traveling. So their income is high enough to pay for flights, accommodation in the most expensive countries in the world.
